### Privacy Policy

Last updated: February 02, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your anonynous Non-Personal data and health and performance data of the Service to provide and improve the Service itself. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

+ **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
+ **Developer** (referred to as either "the Developer", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to ModernFlyouts's owners - The ModernFlyouts Community.
+ **Website** refers to ModernFlyouts's website, accessible from [modernflyouts-community.github.io](https://modernflyouts-community.github.io/)
+ **Service** refers to the ModernFlyouts software.
+ **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Developer. It refers to third-party developer(s) or individuals contributor to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Developer, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Developer in analyzing how the Service is used.
+ **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
+ **Non-Personal Data** is any information that does not relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
+ **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
+ **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration that the Service takes to start).

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

##### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We will never retain or ask You to provide Us any personally identifiable information.

Non-personal Information Collection:


##### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
We use App Center to keep track of app usage, find bugs, and fix crashes. All information sent to App Center is anonymous and free of any user or contextual data.


### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

+ Through Discord: [Discord](https://discord.gg/TcYskeyaYE)
+ By creating a discussion through GitHub: [Discussions](https://github.com/ModernFlyouts-Community/ModernFlyouts/discussions)
